# Qoutes

1. “Privacy in an open society also requires cryptography. If I say something, I want it heard only by those for whom I intend it. If the content of my speech is available to the world, I have no privacy.” Eric Hughes, “A Cypherpunk’s Manifesto”, 1993 http://invpy.com/cypherpunk
2. “Every man is surrounded by a neighborhood of voluntary spies.” Jane Austen
3. “BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU.” “1984” by George Orwell
4. “It is poor civic hygiene to install technologies that could someday facilitate a police state.” Bruce Schneier, cryptographer
5. “When stopping a terrorist attack or seeking to recover a kidnapped child, encountering encryption may mean the difference between success and catastrophic failures.” Attorney General Janet Reno, September 1999
6. “Even the Four Horsemen of Kid Porn, Dope Dealers, Mafia and Terrorists don’t worry me as much as totalitarian governments. It’s been a long century, and we've had enough of them.” Bruce Sterling, 1994 Computers, Freedom, and Privacy conference
7. “Why do security police grab people and torture them? To get their information. If you build an information management system that concentrates information from dozens of people, you’ve made that dozens of times more attractive. You’ve focused the repressive regime’s attention on the hard disk. And hard disks put up no resistance to torture. You need to give the hard disk a way to resist. That’s cryptography.” Patrick Ball
8. The gaffer says something longer and more complicated. After a while, Waterhouse (now wearing his cryptoanalyst hat, searching for meaning midst apparent randomness, his neural circuits exploiting the redundancies in the signal) realizes that the man is speaking heavily accented English. “Cryptonomicon” by Neal Stephenson
9. “People have been defending their own privacy for centuries with whispers, darkness, envelopes, closed doors, secret handshakes, and couriers. The technologies of the past did not allow for strong privacy, but electronic technologies do.” Eric Hughes, “A Cypherpunk's Manifesto”, 1993
10. “I should be able to whisper something in your ear, even if your ear is 1000 miles away, and the government disagrees with that.” Philip Zimmermann, creator of Pretty Good Privacy (PGP), the most widely used email encryption software in the world.
11. “In my role as Wikileaks editor, I've been involved in fighting off many legal attacks. To do that, and keep our sources safe, we have had to spread assets, encrypt everything, and move telecommunications and people around the world to activate protective laws in different national jurisdictions.” Julian Assange, editor-in-chief of Wikileaks
12. “Cypherpunks deplore regulations on cryptography, for encryption is fundamentally a private act. The act of encryption, in fact, removes information from the public realm. Even laws against cryptography reach only so far as a nation’s border and the arm of its violence.”  Hughes, “A Cypherpunk’s Manifesto”, 1993 http://invpy.com/cypherpunk
13. “I believed then, and continue to believe now, that the benefits to our security and freedom of widely available cryptography far, far outweigh the inevitable damage that comes from its use by criminals and terrorists... I believed, and continue to believe, that the arguments against widely available cryptography, while certainly advanced by people of good will, did not hold up against the cold light of reason and were inconsistent with the most basic American values.” Matt Blaze, AT&T Labs, September 2001
14. The ineffable talent for finding patterns in chaos cannot do its thing unless he immerses himself in the chaos first. If they do contain patterns, he does not see them just now, in any rational way. But there may be some subrational part of his mind that can go to work, now that the letters have passed before his eyes and through his pencil, and that may suddenly present him with a gift-wrapped clue--or even a full solution--a few weeks from now while he is shaving or antenna-twiddling. “Cryptonomicon” by Neal Stephenson
15. “I’ve been over it a thousand times,” Waterhouse says, “and the only explanation I can think of is that they are converting their messages into large binary numbers and then combining them with other large binary numbers —one-time pads, most likely —to produce the ciphertext.”
16. “In which case your project is doomed," Alan says, "because you can't break a one-time pad.” “Cryptonomicon” by Neal Stephenson
17. “Mathematicians have tried in vain to this day to discover some order in the sequence of prime numbers, and we have reason to believe that it is a mystery into which the human mind will never penetrate.” Leonhard Euler, 18th century mathematician
20. “Anyone, from the most clueless amateur to the best cryptographer, can create an algorithm that he himself can’t break. It’s not even hard. What is hard is creating an algorithm that no one else can break, even after years of analysis. And the only way to prove that is to subject the algorithm to years of analysis by the best cryptographers around.” Bruce Schneier
